OpenClaw is the most powerful AI tool
I've ever used. But the number one
complaint I get is people just don't
know what to do with it. They have
access to a 24/7 AI employee, but they
don't know how to get any productivity
out of it. Well, I got good news. In
this video, I'm going to go over five
Open Claw use cases I promise will be
relevant to every single person watching
this video. These are use cases just for
normal people trying to use OpenClaw. If
you stick with me to the end of this
video and implement every use case I
show you, I promise your entire life is
going to be running five times more
efficiently and you'll be completely
bought into OpenClaw. Let's get into it.
The first use case I'm going to go over
is super helpful if you are very
unorganized like me. I am a
procrastinator that goes into every
meeting I'm invited to without doing
much prep at all and a lot of times I
forget the meeting is even happening.
This is where OpenClaw has saved my
life. It now gives me meeting preps for
every meeting I have during the day.
Every morning before I wake up, OpenClaw
opens my Google calendar. Once it opens
my Google calendar, it looks at all my
meetings that day and then does research
on who I'm talking with, goes through
all its past memories and everything
we've ever discussed and builds an
entire report on that person and all the
context around that meeting. So, for
instance, in this meeting, my open claw
went looked at their LinkedIn, looked at
their title, looked at when the last
time we interacted was, gave me all the
context around this conversation. It's
going back into the memories and seeing
every time I've talked about this person
to my OpenClaw, and putting it all in
this one document. This takes advantage
of the biggest strength of OpenClaw,
which is its incredible memory system
where it remembers everything you've
ever talked about. You combine that with
your Google calendar and you get these
amazing meeting prep docs that would
have never been possible before. Now for
me, I'm going into every meeting
completely prepared and up todate with
why that meetings happening and who I'm
talking to. And also, more importantly
for me, it's pinging me right before the
meeting, too, so I don't forget about
it. I'm so scatterbrained, I forget like
every meeting when it's coming up. And
what's great is you don't need any crazy
integrations to do this. Your open claw
simply opens up your Google calendar in
a browser and sees what you have that
day. So, here's the prompt you need to
steal to get this up and running. And
I'll put this down below for you.
Please, every morning at 7 a.m., open up
calendar.google.com in your own Chrome
browser. So, it's literally going to
open up Chrome on your computer for
itself. Check to see what meetings I
have that day. Then, build me a prep doc
with research about who I'm meeting with
and any other context you might have
about that meeting. Then, schedule a
task to remind me 15 minutes before each
meeting. Now, your open claw setup might
be different than mine, you might not
have given yours a Google Chrome
browser. And if you're doing this in
like a VPS, for instance, it won't be
able to open up its own Google Chrome
browser. So, you might need to reverse
prompt your OpenClaw and say, "Hey,
based on how we work together, what's
the best way for you to access Google
Calendar?" There's also a Google
calendar that will allow it to access
your calendar programmatically. So,
that's an option as well. But take this
prompt, say, "Hey, my favorite YouTuber
gave it to me. what's the best way for
us to execute this task together? You
will start going into your meetings so
prepared like you have your own
executive assistant. The next use case I
promise will be helpful for every single
person watching this video is the weekly
goals check-in. This is like my own
built-in accountability partner. Every
week, my open claw checks in on me and
asks me some very specific questions. It
asks me questions all around what my
goals are at the moment. So, it'll ask
me what my YouTube subscribers are, what
my current creator buddy, ARR, is, how
many members are in the Vibe Coding
Academy, and it tracks all these goals
and is able to give me an analysis
around those goals and keep track of
them over time. Then, based on different
trends, it's able to give me suggestions
on how to improve those certain goals.
So, if my YouTube's taking off, it'll
say, "Oh, these videos are doing well.
Make more of them." If Creator Buddy's
doing really well, go, "Oh, that feature
you just shipped is doing really well.
Make more features like it." It's been
so good for helping me with my goals.
It's like having your own built-in coach
with everything you do. Not to get all
corny with you, but I truly believe
reflection on what you're doing and the
progress to your goals is so important.
It helps you be grateful for the things
you're doing. And my life has changed a
ton over the last month. So, this has
been really, really critical for me for
reflection and helping me get more
closer to my goals. So, you want to
definitely set this up. And then every
Friday, your open claw will message you
looking for your weekly goal so it can
track it. You can even take this a step
further and have it build charts into
your mission control so you see how
close you're getting to your goals over
time. By the way, what you're seeing
here is my mission control. And all
these are documents that I can just go
back and review. At the end of this
video, I'll talk a little bit about how
you can build this yourself so you can
view these documents and really nicely
formatted structures, too. But let me
show you how I set up this goal
tracking. This prompt will be down
below. Feel free to copy and paste it.
Every Friday at 8 a.m., please send me a
message checking in on my goals. Ask for
my progress and how I feel about them at
that time. Also, ask what my biggest
blocker is. Then ask about my mental
health and have me talk about my mood.
Track all of this in a new document that
I can go back and review and track all
my progress. You put that in, you hit
enter, your OpenClaw will start
messaging you every Friday and ask about
your goals. you will now have a place
where you can track your progress and
how much you're advancing in life, which
is really incredible and really
important if you want to hit those
goals. I got three more incredible ones
for you. But before we do that, leave a
like down below if you've learned
anything so far. If you like those two
use cases, make sure to subscribe and
turn on notifications. All I do is make
amazing videos about OpenClaw and AI.
And also make sure to check out the Vibe
Coding Academy. I'm doing a live boot
camp this Friday all about my open claw
setup all all about these proactive
tasks I have open claw doing. I promise
you will learn a ton about openclaw.
Link for that down below. Next has been
one of the most helpful ones for me. I
am constantly trying to learn. I am
constantly trying to get 1% better every
day and my open claw has been incredible
for helping me learn and progress every
day. I have it every morning. Send me a
quick lesson on a subject I'm trying to
get more knowledgeable about. So, for
instance, I'm trying to get more
upto-date on LLMs. I think LLMs are the
most important technology of our
lifetime, and I want to get more up to
date so I can speak more eloquently
about AI. So, every morning now, my
openclaw, Henry, sends me a lesson on
LLMs. It has an entire learning plan for
me, a 30-day learning plan it built, and
every day it sends me one of the lessons
from that learning plan. So, I'm able to
wake up, make a coffee, quickly, read
the document Henry built for me, and
I've already progressed 1% that day.
Now, I'm on fire for the rest of the
day. I've already started building
momentum. You need to be doing this,
too. This is going to help you start
your day by already getting things done
5 minutes into your day. You just pick a
topic you want to learn more about. If
you don't know any you want to learn
more about right now, just tell your
open call you want to learn more about
LLMs. You'll get better at AI with me.
we can discuss it together if we ever
meet up and you'll keep advancing 1%
every day. So, here's the prompt you
need. Again, I'm putting this down below
so you can just copy and paste it in. I
want you to build me a learning plan
around LLMs. You can make this whatever
you want. So, if you want to learn more
about math, make this math. If you want
to learn more about programming, make it
programming, whatever you want. I want
to get 1% better about learning about
this subject every morning. Please build
a 30-day lesson plan. Then, every
morning at 7 a.m., send me a brief
document going over that lesson for the
day so I can learn more about it. create
and save a document with that lesson for
the day. You send this and boom, all of
a sudden you have your own personal
tutor teaching you something a little
bit more every single morning. I don't
care who you are, what you do, what your
age is, this is going to be helpful for
you. This will make you better. So,
choose a subject. If you can't think of
one, just choose LLMs. Put this in and
boom, every morning 7 a.m. You're
getting a little smarter. This next one
is a little bit more advanced, but I
promise you it will be so helpful. This
is an entire research and content
pipeline that I built through Discord.
It is a multi-step process that gives me
unbelievable research and content.
Basically, the way this works is I use
Discord because it has this great
channel system where I can put different
workflows in every channel. And what
happens in here is first every two hours
I get alerts on trending content around
openclaw and vibe coding. Then a sub
agent takes those tweets and actually
does research around the story behind
those tweets, goes down a rabbit hole,
Google searches, finds more details, and
builds out entire stories and research
documents. This is already great for you
if you're not a content creator because
you can go and just learn about all
these trending new things and stay on
top of all the trends. But if you're a
content creator, this is how you take it
a step further. I then have a script
drafts channel that takes those stories
and turns them into scripts. So for you,
if you're on X, you can turn these into
tweets. If you're on YouTube, you can
turn these into scripts, whatever you
want. If you're on Instagram or
LinkedIn, you can turn these into
carousels. And automatically, my agent
Henry will go spin up a sub agent, take
those stories, and build out scripts for
me based on those stories. From there, I
can even react with a check mark or an X
emoji, and it'll know, okay, this is
good content, make more of it moving
forward. Or this is bad content. Don't
make anything like it again. This is an
entire automated research and content
pipeline that has helped me grow so much
faster on social media. I mean, my
soldiers have blown up the last couple
weeks because of this research pipeline.
So, even if you're not a content
creator, you should still be setting
this up because you can stay on top of
all the latest trends and make sure
you're up to date on everything. Discord
is super powerful for this use case
because of the channels. I like Telegram
for messaging my Claudebot. I like
Discord for coming up with advanced
workflows. So, here's how you're going
to set this up. I want to set up an
advanced content creation pipeline
inside of Discord. If you're not a
content creator, make this a research
pipeline. This should be a
multi-channel, multi- aent approach. I
want one channel for tweet alerts where
an agent checks X every two hours for
trending tweets and AI. You can make it
whatever subject you're into. I then
want a research channel that takes the
tweets and researches the stories behind
them. I then want a content channel that
turns the stories into scripts. Could be
tweets, carousels, whatever you want.
Please walk through this step by step
setting this up. Now, I'm going to be
honest. This is a little bit more
advanced, but if you walk through with
your open claw step by step setting this
up, it will build the channels for you
in Discord. It will connect the bots you
need in Discord for this. It will get
everything set up for you very simply. I
promise. Even if you're not technical,
you can get this set up in like 20
minutes or so. But once you set it up,
once you're going to have infinite
content coming in, infinite research.
It's going to be so helpful for you. So,
copy this prompt, put it in, and then
walk through step by step getting this
all set up. It'll probably have you set
up like the X API for instance, but
that's totally fine. Very cheap, easy to
use. Get that plugged in. You're good to
go. The last use case I got for you is a
super powerful one and ensures you get
work done every night while you sleep.
And that is my automated to-do list
tackler with my open claw. Every single
morning, my open claw goes in, checks
out my to-do list. This is things three.
This is my personal favorite to-do list
at the moment, although I think it costs
like $30 on the app store, but you can
do this with other free to-do lists out
there. And OpenClaw goes in, checks out
what I have to do that day, and then
pulls one to three tasks. It thinks it
can do just as good, if not better, than
me. So, these are things like research,
these are things like writing, these are
things like building architecture or
writing code. It does that all for me,
pulls it out of the to-do list, and just
does it without me asking. Then I wake
up, I get this to-do document that shows
me everything it pulled out of my to-do
list. Wrote my newsletter for me already
that I can just send off. Prepared a
script for a video. And now I wake up, I
make my coffee, and I already have tasks
done on my to-do list. It's literally
like the greatest feeling of all time.
There's no better way to build momentum
for your day than waking up, you got
tasks done, and you can read a document
and get a little smarter. You're half an
hour into your day and you've already
accomplished more than 99% of the world.
This is the power of OpenClaw.
Automating and taking things off your
plate that you don't want to do or that
you don't have to do. Here's the prompt
you're going to put in to get this done.
Every morning at 6:00 a.m., take a look
at my to-do list and things three. Find
one of three tasks you can complete for
me. I'd prefer writing or research
tasks. Then create a document that
summarizes everything you did. If you're
feeling riskier, which I am, you can
even have it do coding tasks. So, like
it'll look at Creator Buddy, for
instance, my SAS, and find new features
to build out for it that I might have on
my to-do list. If I have bugs for
Creator Buddy on my to-do list, it'll
fix those bugs for me. So, you can get
more advanced. Maybe you start with just
researching, writing. As you get
comfortable, then you expand the amount
of tasks it can do from there. And once
you've built that level of trust, you
can start giving it really, really big
tasks. You put that in and you're good
to go. You don't need to use Things 3
for this. Most to-do list tools have
CLIs and other ways for OpenClaw to
connect to it. So, it'll figure it out,
right? If you're using to-d doist or
something like that, it'll figure out
how to connect to that for you. Prompt
for that is down below. Steal that as
well. I no longer want to hear there are
no useful tasks OpenClaw does. I just
gave you five of them that I personally
guarantee will improve your life. Let me
know down below what has been some
things you've given your OpenClaw that
have been super helpful as well. And
also, let me know what you want my next
video to be. Do you want it to be around
Discord workflows? Do you want it to be
around local LLMs? Do you want to just
be more use cases that are helpful? I'll
make another one just like this with
five more helpful use cases. If you want
more of this, I got recordings of all my
boot camps in the Vibe Coding Academy as
well. So, check that out. I hope this
was helpful. I hope you're having as
much fun with Open Claw as I am at the
moment. I'm absolutely obsessed. It's
been the most amazing tool I've ever
used. Can't wait to see you again. I'll
be talking to you soon. See you in the
next video.